Update cli.mdx (#22564)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/cli.mdx

subtitle: 'Developing locally using the Supabase CLI.'
sidebar_label: 'Overview'
---

> First you need to install the Supabase CLI. Please go to [Supabase CLI](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/cli/getting-started#installing-the-supabase-cli) for further details.
> 
> You can use the Supabase CLI to run the entire Supabase stack locally on your machine, simply by running `supabase init` and then `supabase start`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Supabase CLI to run the entire Supabase stack locally on your machine, simply by running `supabase init` and then `supabase start`. To install the CLI, see the [installation guide](/docs/guides/cli/getting-started#installing-the-supabase-cli).
```
